Document game servers (#444)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/guild.mdx

| plan_name          | string                                              | The name of the plan                                                |
| players_count?     | ?integer                                            | Current amount of players connected to the game server              |
| max_players_count? | ?integer                                            | Maximum amount of players that can connect to the game server       |
| ip?                | string                                              | The IP of the game server                                           |
| port?              | integer                                             | The port of the game server                                         |
| entitlement_id     | snowflake                                           | The ID of the entitlement                                           |
| provider_type      | string                                              | The type of the game server provider (currently always `shockbyte`) |
| provider_url?      | ?string                                             | The panel URL to the game server                                    |

> | status             | integer                                             | The [status](#game-server-status) of game server                    |

Reviewer: @copilot 
```suggestion
| status             | integer                                             | The [status](#game-server-status) of the game server                    |
```

  Create Premium Guild Subscriptions
</RouteHeader>

> Adds premium guild subscriptions to the given guild. User must be a member of the guild. Returns a [premium guild subscription](#premium-guild-subscription-object) object or list of [premium guild subscription](#premium-guild-subscription-object) objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds premium guild subscriptions to the given guild. User must be a member of the guild. Returns a list of [premium guild subscription](#premium-guild-subscription-object) objects on success.
```

</RouteHeader>

Adds premium guild subscriptions to the given guild. User must be a member of the guild. Fires [Guild Update](/topics/gateway-events#guild-update), optionally [Message Create](/topics/gateway-events#message-create), [Guild Applied Boosts Update](/topics/gateway-events#guild-applied-boosts-update), multiple [User Premium Guild Subscription Slot Update](/topics/gateway-events#user-premium-guild-subscription-slot-update), and optionally [Guild Member Update](/topics/gateway-events#guild-member-update) and [Guild Powerup Entitlements Create](/topics/gateway-events#guild-powerup-entitlements-create) Gateway events.

> Returns a [premium guild subscription](#premium-guild-subscription-object) object or list of [premium guild subscription](#premium-guild-subscription-object) objects.

Reviewer: it does what now (also this should be before the Fires sentence)

  Add Guild Powerup
</RouteHeader>

> Adds the given powerup SKU to the guild. Requires the `MANAGE_GUILD` permission. Returns a 204 empty response on success. Fires a [Guild Update](/topics/gateway-events#guild-update), optionally [Game Server Create](/topics/gateway-events#game-server-create), and [Guild Powerup Entitlements Create](/topics/gateway-events#guild-powerup-entitlements-create) Gateway event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds the given powerup SKU to the guild. Requires the `MANAGE_GUILD` permission. Returns a 204 empty response on success. Fires [Guild Update](/topics/gateway-events#guild-update), [Guild Powerup Entitlements Create](/topics/gateway-events#guild-powerup-entitlements-create), and optionally [Game Server Create](/topics/gateway-events#game-server-create) Gateway events.
```
logical continuity

###### JSON Params

| Field               | Type   | Description                    |
| ------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------ |
| game_server_name?   | string | The name of the game server    |
| game_server_region? | string | The region for the game server |

<RouteHeader method="DELETE" url="/guilds/{guild.id}/skus/{sku.id}">
  Remove Guild Powerup
</RouteHeader>

Removes the given powerup SKU from the guild. Requires the `MANAGE_GUILD` permission. Returns a 204 empty response on success. Fires a [Guild Update](/topics/gateway-events#guild-update), optionally [Game Server Delete](/topics/gateway-events#game-server-delete), and [Guild Powerup Entitlements Delete](/topics/gateway-events#guild-powerup-entitlements-delete) Gateway event.

###### Query String Params

| Field           | Type      | Description                                                                              |
| --------------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| entitlement_id? | snowflake | The ID of the entitlement to remove (if not specified, all entitlements will be removed) |

> <RouteHeader method="PATCH" url="/guilds/{guild.id}/entitlements/{entitlement.id}">

Reviewer: move above Remove

  "school": "discord"
}
```

> <RouteHeader method="GET" url="/guilds/{guild.id}/game-servers">

Reviewer: move under powerup endpoints
